RN 40121 in user guide (#3432)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Getting_started/DaaS/Creating_a_DMS_on_dataminer_services.md

   > [!NOTE]
   > Only lowercase alphanumerical characters (a-z and 0-9) are allowed in the URL, and it cannot consist of numbers only.

> 1. Optionally, in the *Time zone* box, select the time zone for your DataMiner System.

Reviewer: The label of the time zone will be change in a upcomming release.
We changed it to 'DataMiner System time zone' so that it is inline with the other input fields about the DMS you are deploying.

```suggestion
1. Optionally, in the *DataMiner System time zone* box, select the time zone for your DataMiner System.
```

>    By default, the time zone is set to UTC.

Reviewer: By default the selected time zone is based on your browser.

```suggestion
   By default, the time zone is set to your current location.
```
